Docs: frameworks compatibility standardization (#5488)
RadeonOpenCompute/ROCm: docs/compatibility/ml-compatibility/stanford-megatron-lm-compatibility.rst

.. meta::
    :description: Stanford Megatron-LM compatibility
    :keywords: Stanford, Megatron-LM, deep learning, framework compatibility

.. version-set:: rocm_version latest

********************************************************************************
Stanford Megatron-LM compatibility
********************************************************************************

Stanford Megatron-LM is a large-scale language model training framework developed 
by NVIDIA at `https://github.com/NVIDIA/Megatron-LM <https://github.com/NVIDIA/Megatron-LM>`_. 

> It is designed to train massive transformer-based language models efficiently by model 
> and data parallelism. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use it to train massive transformer-based language models efficiently by model 
and data parallelism. 
```

It provides efficient tensor, pipeline and sequence based model parallelism for 
pre-training transformer-based language models such as GPT (Decoder Only), BERT 

> (Encoder Only) and T5 (Encoder-Decoder). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It provides efficient tensor, pipeline, and sequence-based model parallelism for 
pre-training transformer-based language models such as GPT (Decoder Only), BERT 
(Encoder Only), and T5 (Encoder-Decoder). 
```
